Support tracking VOLATILE SQL functions as mutations. Closes #1514 (#5858)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/core/api-reference/schema-metadata-api/custom-functions.rst

track_function v2
-----------------

Version 2 of ``track_function`` is used to add a custom SQL function to the GraphQL schema.

> Its support more configuration options than v1, and also supports tracking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It supports more configuration options than v1, and also supports tracking
```

``VOLATILE`` functions as mutations.
Also refer a note :ref:`here <note>`.

> Track a SQL function called ``search_articles`` with a Hasura session argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Track as SQL function called ``search_articles`` with a Hasura session argument:
```

   Currently, only functions which satisfy the following constraints can be exposed over the GraphQL API
   (*terminology from* `Postgres docs <https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createfunction.html>`__):

   - **Function behaviour**: ``STABLE`` or ``IMMUTABLE`` functions may *only* be exposed as queries 

>      (i.e. with ``as_mutation: false``), while ``VOLATILE`` functions may only be exposed as mutations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     (i.e. with ``as_mutation: false``), while ``VOLATILE`` functions may *only* be exposed as mutations.
```
